Apple iPhone XR Avaiable 
using it a few months I have gone back to an Android phone, my loss your gain. Includes a long charge cable, a rubber protective case  
yes available vintage nightstand
This piece has been waxed two times and in good condition. Drawers function properly.
Works perfect   
Kicker KXA800 Amp. Amp brand new is $530. It has only been used to test subs once. Practically new. Comes with Bluetooth controlled remote.
If you have any further questions feel free to ask!
SEC Football Championship .
60 1TB hard drives - $200 
Apple Watch Series 3 42
Both in perfect operating condition with minor scratches/scrapes. No cracks or Damage. Charging cables included.
Black metal love seat, two chairs and a coffee table. Very light weight. Cushions have been kept inside out of weather. Moving and don't wish to take along.
i have a mix of 3months &1 and 2 yrs seasoned firewood for sale at $200 a half cord .
MOISTURE METER TESTED IN THE 12 RANGE SOME MAY BE LESS SEE PICS THE LOWER THE BETTER . IM RONNIE (six 78-480-5405 )I ONLY HAVE LIKE 50 LOADS THIS YR , SO IT WILL NOT LAST LONG
brookhaven vinnings any of north fulton . any of north dekalb . gwinnett cobb .
CS400 chainsaw, like new. Runs and cuts as it should. Recently Serviced.
10ft heavy duty $225 12ft 255 etc. many other sizes and custom feeders
Paid 800 in New Condition phone only no email scammers
Top frame assembly for early mustangs- sandblasted /clean i also have top frame for 71-73 mustang avail.
	
Yard machine rear tine tiller with Honda 6.5 engine. Forward, reverse, neutral trans. Like new!
1784 Corn Rd suite F
Smyrna ga 30080 

Blackbelly ewe exposed to Jacob 4 horn ram. $200 .
GOLD FRAME GLASS MIRROR 58 inches x 46 inches
local phone number and local buyer only 
3 wheel bicycle with luggage cart 
Phone only. No scammers
fastback roof- all ready for your coupe to fastback conversion- factory roof and buy the dyncore pieces for the rest-will throw in some fastback pieces also-interior stuff .
We Buy New Surplus Toner Cartridges .
No Worries About Expiration Dates.
Please Let Us Know If You Have Any.

Hey guys I have a couple tickets available to see the SEC Championship Between The Georgia Bulldogs and The Alabama Crimson Tide starts Saturday 4:00pm 
at the Mercedes-Benz stadium if interested please reach out.

Samsung S21 Available 
Trek Precaliber 24 mountain bike .
Bamboo and Rattan two piece couch set for sale! Can be used as a connected set or a couch and chaise lounge. 
Clean and Plugged In. Measures 65"High X 33"Wide X 30"Deep. Price is Firm, $275.00.    
New Bag Boy Quad XL golf push cart for sale. Cart is brand new and still in the box.
Light and easy to use. Folds into a small size. Great for walking.
Has a large space for a TV or hanging clothes up, a single drawer behind the doors and a shelf on top.
BRAND NEW ITEMS .. only like 2/3 things gently used! Serious inquiries only
If you are looking for an open-back 5 string banjo I have a Recording King Dirty 30's 5 string banjo in excellent condition with gig-bag for $200.00.
All are very gentle! Ready to guard the pasture or great Christmas present for a child. Call Joel anytime .
Handbook of the Rolls-Royce Silver Cloud III, second edition. In remarkably excellent condition. All pages clean and bright. 
No loose or musty pages. Covers are clean, hinges are solid. No notes or tears. 
Some very light staining on the edges, possibly from age. This was taken from the library shelf of the former owner, so it has led a sheltered life.

When you reply, I will respond to your email (although it may be a few hours), but I do so through the Craigslist relay, only,
so be sure to check the email account you sent your reply from. Also, be sure to check your spam/junk mail folder if you haven't 
seen a response within 24 hours.

I have 4 seats call me for info .
Everything available except the TIMBERLANDS , black & yellow 9s and colorful Reebok . Shoe 
Bought for $600 asking $300 obo .Barley used like new .
Miller Digital Infinity welding hood .
Brand new box included one game one controller deposit required .
Picked up at our woodyard North Alpharetta. 1 and 1/2 Cords of Split Hickory Firewood.
LOCATED IN HOLLISTER!!!
Trabaja para cualquier compañía 
Mac Mini with Monitor .
Lang electric convection oven for sale .
TLC note age, runs smooth idles rough. Never had any body damage other than what you see.
3 NEW EXTRA BLADES; I NEW AIR FILTER AND MANUAL .
Microsoft Xbox One S All Digital 1TB Game Console . Includes controller and cords .

please call us today my family appreciates the business and I hope your family appreciates those serving you thank you God
~God speed~ 
Please read this car needs motor as timing belt broke. Will need to tow. 130k miles good body n interior good tires cold ac n good heat full power clean title in hand .
tool boxes built in on sides .
New Counter Height Oak Veneer Table Set .
Selling my barely used Custom Water Cooling pc .
Honda Z50 or CT70
Call  me if you're interested!
Authentic like new Louis Vuitton Lv xuf pochette with shorter strap. Shopping bag included.
yes Good condition.
 I will consider trades + cash for other basses if anyone is looking to upgrade! Thanks!
I have a gas wall heater for sale. I have the manual and the connectors.
 I am selling it it is priced to sell fast so let me know .
Wall studs on 16' centers with a double stud every 4’
Staffordshire Bull Terrier for rehoming. He is almost a year old. Warmed and ready to go .
Biewer Yorkies for sale. 





























